[DDoS Protection] origin protect rules (#16785)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/ddos-protection/managed-rulesets/http/index.mdx

For more information on the available configuration parameters, refer to [Managed ruleset parameters](/ddos-protection/managed-rulesets/http/override-parameters/).

## Origin Protect rules

Cloudflare HTTP DDoS Protection can also initiate mitigation based on the origin health. Floods of requests that cause a high number of zone errors (default sensitivity level is 1,000 errors per second) can initiate mitigation to alleviate the strain on the zone.

| Rule ID | Description | 
| --- | --- |
| `dd42da7baabe4e518eaf11c393596a9d` | HTTP requests causing a high number of origin errors. |

:::note

This rule is available for zones on any plan. 
:::

> For zones on the Pro, Business, or Enterprise plan the rule is adaptive. An additional check is performed for better detection accuracy: the errors-per-second rate must also be at least five times the normal traffic levels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rule is adaptive for zones on the Pro, Business, or Enterprise plan. It performs an additional check for better detection accuracy: the errors-per-second rate must also be at least five times the normal traffic levels.
```
